
			jcrontab README File


jcrontab is a Crontab like system written in JAVA. The project objective 
is to provide a fully functional system to substitute Crontab in JAVA 
projects. 

		Thanks to  LINUX, JAVA and Sourceforge	

			Design & written by Israel Olalla

			Thanks To : Manuel Pereira, Chris Bitmead 
				    and Andrew Evans
		
JCrontab:

Provides a system to run Classes/Threads/CronTask/Tasks/main/native/... at 
a given time, provides a  parser of Crontab-like files Fully compatible with 
UNIX-POSIX crontab files, loading the crontab info from a file or a Database, 
it refreshes the Crontab info at a given frequency. Consumes a few kb of memory 
and doesn't waste CPU. It provides an example class to launch native programs.

Is an LGPL Project you can use and distribute it Freely under the LGPL 
License http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html
Is a Project born in http://www.sourceforge.net, and you can find all the
information you need about jcrontab in http://jcrontab.sourceforge.net

General Notes:

If you are interested in this project and want to help, you are welcome.
The ways you can help are writting source, designing a better crontab,
designing a webPage, testing the project, having fun  and of course
using jcrontab.

If you want to subscribe to the mail list you can do it via 
http://lists.sourceforge.net/lists/listinfo/jcrontab-developers

If you have some suggestions don't doubt and send an email to 
iolalla@users.sourceforge.net 


COMPILATION:
    
    Jcrontab includes various modules:
    Web
    Data
    Tests
    And in order to build those you need external packages:
    
    Web:
    - servlet.jar (jakarta.apache.org Tomcat)
    - xalan.jar   (xml.apache.org XALAN)
    - xerces.jar
    Data:
    - postgresql.jar (www.postgresql.org)
    Tests:
    - junit.jar (www.junit.org)

    If you want to use ant to get the job done you should download first those 
packages and put them into jar/ directory. Only those related to web are
mandatory, but if you want to use GenericSQL should give a valid JDCB Driver
(jcrontab-0.7).
    
    Otherwise you can compile with javac with smth like:

    $cd src/
    $javac -classpath yourselection.jar org/jcrontab/*.java

    And that's all you need to get jcrontab compile and running

EXECUTION
    
    You can use Jcrontab with your projects just adding jar/jcrontab.jar
in your classpath and importing the right classes (See org.jcrontab.jcrontab 
for a valid example) or calling the main()  method in org.jcronta.jcrontab
        
    Or you can just:
    java -jar jcrontab.jar

     If you want to launch your classes at a given time don't forget to change
events.cfg to addapt to your needs. More info at org.jcrontab.events.cfg

     If you want to launch jcrontab from you application server you can doit 
initializing jcrontab from servlets init method or in a Load-on-startup servlet. 
Take a look at org.jcrontab.web or war/jcrontab.war (See 
org.jcrontab.web.loadCrontabServlet.java). This have been tested in: Tomcat
, resin, Jboss and Jetty. If you test it somewhere else please send and email, 
with the server and the changes you had to do to get this working
